node-gotapi Changelog
======================

## 0.1.7 (2017-03-29)

- Fixed the bug which the node-gotapi prosess was down if the query string in the request URL includes non-UTF-8 characters. Now the node-gotapi returns an error.

## 0.1.6 (2017-03-29)

- Fixed the bug which Plug-Ins could not set a custom error code to the `result` property in a response.

## 0.1.5 (2017-03-07)

- Fixed the bug which any accesses on the GotAPI-1 Interface are allowed in the production mode if the `allowed_address_list` is empty in the `config.js`.
- Changed the error message reported when the access from the front-end application on the GotAPI-1 Interface is denied, so that you can get the reason why the access was denied: the IP address or the origin.

## 0.1.4 (2017-03-06)

- Fixed the bug which the GotAPI-1 Interface always denied any accesses from the localhost in some Linux environments in the production mode (not the debug mode).

## 0.1.3 (2017-03-05)

- Changed line break from CRLF to LF in some files.

## 0.1.2 (2017-03-04)

- Removed the script `start-gotapi-debug.js` which starts the node-gotapi for debugging. Instead, `start-gotapi.js` supports some command options for debugging.

## 0.1.1 (2017-02-26)
- Changed the WebSocket module from the [websocket.io](https://github.com/LearnBoost/websocket.io) to the [WebSocket-Node](https://github.com/theturtle32/WebSocket-Node). The reason for this is that the [websocket.io](https://github.com/LearnBoost/websocket.io) has not been updated for a few years and it does not support Node 6 for now.

## 0.1.0 (2017-02-18)
- Added a debug mode
  - The `start-gotapi-debug.js` now supports a mode which ignores the grant and access token mechanism. In this mode, you can debug Plug-Ins easily.
- Extended the name space of property names for response from Plug-Ins
  - The property name for response for Plug-Ins was limited to `data`, now any property names are allowed except the prohibited property names for response.
- Disabled the `console.log()`, `console.dir()` and `console.error()` methods in the `start-gotapi.js`
  - If you want to check the outputs generated by the GotAPI Server and the Plug-Ins on your shell, use the `start-gotapi-debug.js` instead of the `start-gotapi.js`.